---
layout: page
title: Mapping the Invisible
cover_photo: /img/uploads/samanatha-1.jpg
images:
  - /img/uploads/lunga_workshop_fb_share4.jpg
---
We call to all art creatures to join us in a workshop centered around creating performance in a collaborative space. In this workshop we will connect to our bodies, voices, one another, and our intuition to create an ensemble as we explore different theatre / performance approaches. We will not only challenge our performative athleticism, but work through different approaches to text and/or material.  We will work with classical text, traditional songs, physical theatre and Grotowski techniques, as well as Russian etude work, and ritual technologies. But most importantly, we will seek to map the invisible space between us. The workshop will end with a performance generated by the group.



SOURCE MATERIAL is an artist collective  based in Reykjavik and the US. The collective seeks to create opportunities for artists to have agency around their work, with a DIY, intimate creative community. Each project is ferociously adventurous and interdisciplinary. First coming onto the Icelandic scene in 2016 with multi media opera OF LIGHT, Source Material garnered international attention from world renowned artists such as Marina Abramovic, who mentored the project, and Björk, who proclaimed herself a fan of the collective in The Guardian after attending the premier. Breaking down barriers between theatre and music, a track from OF LIGHT (composed by collective member K A R Y Y N) was also named Best new Track on Pitchfork in 2017.



This workshop is facilitated by company members Nini Julia Bang, a performer, singer, and voice pedagogue from Copenhagen, and longtime artist in residence at the Grotowski Institute and performer with Teatr ZAR, Annelise Lawson, NY based actor, and teacher of Russian etudes and collaborator of Dmitry Krymov, and artistic director and founder of the collective, Samantha Shay.



[ www.sourcematerialcollective.com](< www.sourcematerialcollective.com>)
